---
layout: post
title: Vegetable Noodles 🍜
date: 2022-01-16 12:10 +0530
categories: foodrecipes
---
**Ingredients** :  Noodles, salt, refined or sunflower oil, vegetables as per choice (carrots, chilli, cabbage can be used), onions, ginger-garlic paste or finely chopped ginger and garlic, tomato ketchup, chilli sauce, soy sauce, vineger.

**Preparation Time** : 30 mins

- Take a large packet of noodles and boil it in water. Add a pinch of salt to the boiling water.
- After the noodles is 80% boiled. Pour the hot water out from the boiling pan into the sink.
- Then take some cold water and wash the noodles again.
- Take two teaspoonful of oil and mix it with the noodles.

*Now we can either prepare a noodle dish now or store in the the fridge to prepare later. We can store it for a week which will then save the boiling time later when w want to cook some.*

If we want to cook it now, here's how we do it:

- Cut some onions, carrots and chilly(We can choose vegetables according to our preference). The veggies which compliment with noodles are beans, carrots, pepper, corn, spring onions, cabbage etc
- Prepare some ginger garlic paste or we can also very finely chop them, whichever works better.
- Put some refined oil in a frying pan and let it get hot.
- When the pan gets hot put the chilli , ginger and garlic first. After a few second put the onions into the pan and saute till the mixture gets slightly golden.
- Pour the other vegetables and cook it until the vegetables are soft.
- Add 2 teaspoon of tomato ketchup, 1 teaspoonful of chilli sauce, soy sauce and vinegar each. Mix the contents of the frying pan.
- Add the boiled noodles and mix it well with preferably two large forks. This will not let the noodles overcook and thus not get sticky.
- After the sauce is all over the noodles cover it with e lid of the pan for 30 seconds.
- Serve hot.